What do I want to learn or understand better?
Right now I'm just busy understanding what our capabilities are as a team. I believe that the other students from IT have many skills that I hope tp learn from, at least learn strategies for new ways of coding. I've only done programming with java in eclipse, and before that I didn't know anything at all about this topic. My next step is to get an understanding of github, and the scrum framework. My goal with this project is to try to actually make something real with our programming-skills, most of my earlier labs have been feeling kinda useless and since our level's been a bit low sometimes, I'm exited to produce something of a bigger scope.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
Since my bachelor thesis is focusing some on the business model canvas, I was very pleased to hear that we were supposed to use that tool. I hope that I can use that knowledge to help pinpoint and structure our project in a way that everyone understands. I also hope that our perspective from the I-programme can give the other team members some new insights on the kind of value ICT can bring to organizations, but also maybe help them learn how to communicate the value they know to someone with other competences.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
I think my greatest asset in working in sprints, is the constant reminder about the stakeholders perspective of value. I'm also very far away from the "my way or the high way"-mindset, meaning that I'm not afraid to change something I've made if it turns out that it didn't meet the demands. To keep this user-centralized mindset I plan to take moments during our sprints to step outside the process and put myself in the product owners shoes in order to get their perspective and more easily understand what they might think is useful and valueable.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
As a student from Industrial engineering and management, I hope that I'm able to help communicating both internal in our group and to our stakeholders. I also want to contribute with new ideas, but with the understanding that the IT students probably have better solutions for my problems than myself, but to use our different knowledges to find new intresting soultions. In order to achieve this, I'm planning to keep myself updated and posted about the different tasks that may occur so that I'm avaliable and ready for disscussions and brainstorming sessions when needed.
