Individual Reflection Week 2
Arvid Sundbom, 03/04/20

1. What do I want to learn or understand better?
Since we're going to create a web application as our group project, learning the tools required for this is my primary learning goal during this part of the project.
It feels as if this is particularly important in this early stage, since it will make all the development-work later a bit easier if I know what I'm actually doing.
The tools we've decided on for the front-end of the application are HTML, CSS and React, so I mainly want to understand these tools better. This also includes learning some JavaScript since it's required for React.
For the backend I don't think we've decided exactly what to use, but it will probably end up being either Node.js or Django for Python, so at the moment I want to understand the pros and cons of these options.
Some of these pros and cons might be which option works better with React, or which one is easier to learn and use effectively.

Next week we'll start creating user stories for our project. As such I also want to know more about how to create user stories in an effective and 'correct' manner, with the right scope and with the correct information.
One way to phrase this is that I'd like to know how to slice the cake with as thin vertical slices as possible ;)

2. How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
Since no team member except Joel has any extensive experience with React (as far as I know), all of us will be trying to learn how it works during this part of the project.
As such, most of us are in the same seat and we can probably help each other in making the learning process easier. 
On an individual level I can help others learn react by answering any questions about problems that I also came upon and know how to fix, or by sharing resources which I've found useful for learning react.

Part of this weeks deliveries was a mockup. Since the IT students in the group have taken a course on GUI construction and the I students haven't (I think?) we know a little bit about design patterns for GUI's that the I students might not.
As such, me and my fellow IT students can help the I students learn some new things about when to use possible design choices when creating GUI's.
Since the GUI course also involved creating a mockup, I might also be able to help the I students learn a bit about some ways to create a digital mockup for a GUI, like what tools are available and some points to consider when creating it.

If we decide to use Django as the tool to use for our backend I might also be able to help my fellow team members in learning how to use it since I have at least some experience in using it.

3. What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
We still haven't really started using Scrum yet, since the actual development-part of the project hasn't begun yet.
But we as a group worked on the exercises for creating User stories and breaking them down into tasks during the wednesday lecture this week.
For creating user stories and breaking them down into tasks I can contribute by weighing in on what I think is important to have in mind when doing so, and perhaps give some examples of user stories and their corresponding tasks from earlier projects.

4. What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
Since we're using Adobe XD to create the mockup and I'm using a Linux-system, I can't contribute directly to the file for the mockup.
However, we did sit down as a group and discussed the state of the mockup and what features we think are reasonable for the application to have.
I also found Figma, which is basically an alternative to Adobe XD which can run in a browser and can therefore be used by me and some other teammates which also had some trouble getting adobe XD to work.
Using Figma I also created a mockup of the 'home page' of the web app by myself, which hopefully at least raised some possible design choices for the web app, even though it isn't really a part of the more extensive mockup created using adobe XD.
