What do I want to learn or understand better?

Now that we've started our development of our application I would like to get deeper into the css and react components. I've started to get a hold of how to work with github and versioning which is fun and very convinient. But since I've never coded anything in HTML or similar before, I still have a lot to learn before I think I can contribute the way I would like to. But then again, google is a good friend of mine and everyone in the project has been very helpful during this first sprint (as well as under our test-sprint last week) so I really believe I will get there.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

One thing with my programming knowledge not being at the same level as some of the others, I hope that they might get an understanding of what aspects us "non-programmers" find difficult and that they at least improve their ability to communicate their thoughts, ideas and code in ways that are accessible to others that doesn't play on the same level. They have been very helpful and understanding but sometimes they start explaining things on a too difficult level, and maybe this past two weeks they've gotten an even bigger insight in how other stakeholders, as well as teammembers with different background, skill-levels are. That is a quality well needed wherever we will work in the future.

Hopefully we will also learn that no matter what we think is better, nicer or smarter, doesn't neccesarily mean that's what the stakeholders want. It is always good to learn how other individuals think and how much our perceptions of value differ in different social informal networks.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

When we tried to decide which user stories we should move from the product backlog to the sprint backlog, it was difficult to decide what was an appropriate workload for us since this was the first time we should decide each user storys velocity. We unfortanently ended up moving too few user stories during this sprint, but since some of the scrum workflow is about learning from your mistakes, we will learn and becomebetter at estimating proper velocity and the numbers of user stories we should do each sprint. The test-sprint we did last week was very good for us who hadn't using this agile workflow before, since that gave us valueful lessons that we can implement and use to improve our next sprints witha new pair of eyes. The scrum value I'm contributing the most to is probably openness, since I tell our stakeholders what we're doing right now, what is achiveable right now and what might be achieveable in the future so the product owner knows what challenges the development team are facing during this specific sprint.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

We got some feedback from our stakeholders, that I'm in contact with since I have the closest connection to them. The feedback was well needed since we had a different idea different then what they had, and I've done some extra questioning about their ideas and trying to forward my insights to the group so that we could align more with our stakeholders ideas. I've also been programming toghether with Sanna on a user story that we felt that we could complete, since we've been programming together before and know that we collaborate well. We did static coding of the tasks we were given and it went well, but since this was our first real sprint and we haven't got the information needed from the stakeholders it's unnessecary to write a lot of information that we will have to change afterwards.

I've also been prepared to jump in and try to do more than we were assigned to help out wherever I can. But since some of the tasks this week would take me a lot of time just because I'm not used to that area, I tried to use my time more valueable and started with the team reflections that we need to submit every week. At times I also try to write down some of the topics we disscuss during our meetings aside from our meeting prompts, so that we can go back whenever we need refreshment and also proactively for our schoolreport.